RFC: Put the musl/glibc remark on the download page (#931)
JuliaLang/www.julialang.org: downloads/index.md

    <tr>
      <th> Generic Linux on x86 <a href="/downloads/platform/#linux_and_freebsd">[help]</a></th>
      <td colspan="3">

>         <a href="https://julialang-s3.julialang.org/bin/linux/x64/{{upcoming_release_short}}/julia-{{upcoming_release}}-linux-x86_64.tar.gz">64-bit (glibc*)</a>

Reviewer: I would put the asterisk on musl rather than glibc, since that's the one with the caveat.

{{end}} <!-- upcoming_release -->

> (*) Most users would prefer the `glibc` version of the distribution unless you know that your system uses `musl`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(*) Most Linux users should use the glibc binaries unless you know that your system uses musl as its libc.
```
